 okay, there's a lot to unpack here :-).  The game quest starts with the screen loading page, but which one? Then the loading page leads the user to a page that explains what the game is about, it's about chimera cats who escapes from scientists and now they have a good home with Yeshua, more or less that is how the intro goes? I'm not sure because this is a new game quest and no one has ever heard of it, on the other side I don't want it to be too wordy? I like the way you have it right now. So  then there's the interview, the user can take it or leave it, leaving it brings user back to the beginning of the page orrr? Any other suggestions? Do we take no for an answer and have the user go on another escapade? Hmmm. when user says YES user is taken to the interview that decideds what realm they would enjoy most. Then they should be taken to that exact one afterwards, I should mention that although there is progress, user should be encouraged to donate a sum of money if they would like to become a permanent member and have their information in the game progress stored for a good amount of time, while the game lasts and is in existence. I have a lot of visions for this game but what's most important is that the game works without any or without too many errors so at least user can play and leave for a moment and discuss what parts were the coolest? Yeshua is always watching in the background , so he doesn't really get a realm,,, yet per say. I'm not ready for that one, it would have to be pretty elaborate and biblically inspired as much, it's another project in itself, I do like it when scriptures about him are sprinkled throughout the game ;-). So we've got Milo, he's a taoist but also Christian, alot of it goes together anyway, with Taoism being the way and Yeshua being The Way and the Truth and the Light.  I already have games that I can included here also, generally speaking, so if we made just a link for Quests, Languages and Academies, that would be cool too, there is a school here, I tend to stay away from sorcery and magic, but the way this game is build is much like Hogwarts where users can take it with them so to speak and become more inspired, knowlegeable and receive accolades and fancy downloadable certificates, Hogwarts will be a thing of the past. Dusted, I want users to play this game and think. This is the BEST GAME ever! So it will take some time and I appreciate all of your help Charlotte. Thank you for your patience, time, understanding and thought process and humor throughout this whole thing. :-)
